---
id: 3906
title: 'T-SQL Tuesday #036 &#8211; What Does Community Mean to You?'
date: '2012-11-05T10:23:51+00:00'
author: way0utwest
layout: post
permalink: '/036'
categories:
    - Invitations
tags:
    - '2012'
    - career
---

[Invitation ](https://chrisyatessql.com/2012/11/05/t-sql-tuesday-36-sql-community-what-does-the-community-mean-to-you/)and [roundup](http://chrisyatessql.wordpress.com/2012/11/14/the-roundup-tsql2sday/) from Chris Yates

## The Invitation

Merriam-Webster defines Community as “a unified body of individuals”. For me the SQL Community is something that has helped me in my career; whether it is questions that I’ve had along the way where I was stuck, helping other DBA’s with issues they were having, networking with other DBA’s or making contacts for the future. The SQL Community is just that; we are a team. All on the same team; if one falls we pick each other up. I’ve never been part of a group of people who want to help each other more so than the SQL Community.

One of the best conferences I’ve been to is the PASS Summit. I was fortunate enough to attend last year and this years will provide new attendees the same fortune and opportunities that I have had. Sitting and seeing some of the top DBA’s in the industry learning in sessions along with me…..yeah I was floored.

So my question today is a simple one; I had several topics to choose from technically but I’m curious as to what others think about our SQL Community. Not just some off the cuff answer but really what do you think about it and how has it helped you?

Below are some thoughts I had in creating this topic:

- How has the community helped me in my career
- How can I better the community
- How can I preserve what we already have
- How can I help other people in the community